web/WIDGETS_DOCUMENTATION.md, before:

# Widgets Documentation for "My Dashboard" Project

## Overview

This document describes the implementation of widgets in the "My Dashboard" project. Currently, one widget has been implemented - the Habits Tracking Widget, which allows users to track their daily habits and activities.

## Implemented Widgets

### Habits Tracking Widget

The Habits Tracking Widget allows users to track their daily habits and activities through an interactive interface.

#### Widget Features:

1. **Dashboard Display**:
   - Compact representation with icons for the first 3 habits
   - Progress bars for each habit
   - Current value counters
   - Ability to expand to full interface on click

2. **Modal Window**:
   - Tabs: "Counters" and "History"
   - Interactive +/- buttons to increase/decrease values
   - Progress visualization with color indication
   - Consumption history with timestamps

3. **Supported Habit Types**:
   - Water (droplet)
   - Food (utensils)
   - Medication (pill)
   - Exercise (dumbbell)
   - Coffee (coffee)
   - Glass of water (glass-water)
   - Apple (apple)
   - Weight (weight)
   - Heart rate (heart-pulse)
   - Mindfulness (brain)
   - Reading (book)
   - Music (music)
   - TV/Movies (tv)
   - Gaming (gamepad)
   - Sleep (bed)
   - Sun (sun)
   - Moon (moon)
   - Star (star)
   - Smile (smile)
   - Activity (activity)

4. **Color Schemes**:
   - Blue (blue)
   - Orange (orange)
   - Purple (purple)
   - Green (green)
   - Red (red)
   - Yellow (yellow)
   - Pink (pink)

#### Technical Implementation:

##### Implementation Files:
- `web/src/server/widgets/habits-widget.ts` - Main widget class and display template
- `web/src/server/widgets/habits-widget.utils.ts` - Client-side helper functions

##### Data Structure:
```typescript
interface HabitsWidgetItem {
  id: string;
  name: string;
  icon: string;
  color: string;
  minValue: number;
  maxValue: number;
  history: Array<{
    id: number;
    time: string;
  }>
}
```

##### Main Functions:
- `showHabitsModal(modalId)` - Display modal window
- `hideHabitsModal(modalId)` - Hide modal window
- `addItem(itemId)` - Increase habit value
- `removeItem(itemId)` - Decrease habit value
- `switchHabitsTab(modalId, tabName)` - Switch between tabs
- `renderConsumptionList(modalId)` - Display consumption history

#### System Integration:

The widget is integrated with the general widget system of the project and uses the following components:
- Zod schemas for data validation
- Formly for widget configuration form
- Lucide Icons for icons
- Tailwind CSS for styling

#### Widget Configuration Example:

```json
{
  "type": "habits",
  "name": "Daily Habits",
  "items": [
    {
      "id": "water",
      "name": "Water",
      "icon": "droplet",
      "color": "blue",
      "minValue": 0,
      "maxValue": 8,
      "history": []
    }
  ]
}
```

### Clock Widget

The Clock Widget displays the current time with customizable time zone and name.

#### Widget Features:

1. **Dashboard Display**:
   - Shows current time in HH:MM:SS format
   - Customizable time zone
   - Customizable name/display label
   - Supports 12/24 hour format

2. **Configuration Options**:
   - Time zone selection
   - Display name
   - 12/24 hour format selection
   - Custom styling options

#### Technical Implementation:

##### Implementation Files:
- `web/src/server/widgets/clock-widget.ts` - Main widget class and display template
- `web/src/server/widgets/clock-widget.utils.ts` - Client-side helper functions

##### Data Structure:
```typescript
interface ClockWidgetOptions {
  timeZone: string;
  name: string;
  format24Hour: boolean;
}
```

### Calendar Widget

The Calendar Widget displays the current date with customizable month and date.

#### Widget Features:

1. **Dashboard Display**:
   - Shows current date with day, month, and year
   - Customizable fixed month and date
   - Weekday display
   - Month name in full

2. **Configuration Options**:
   - Fixed month selection
   - Fixed date selection
   - Custom styling options

#### Technical Implementation:

##### Implementation Files:
- `web/src/server/widgets/calendar-widget.ts` - Main widget class and display template
- `web/src/server/widgets/calendar-widget.utils.ts` - Client-side helper functions

##### Data Structure:
```typescript
interface CalendarWidgetOptions {
  month: number;
  date: number;
  fixedDate: boolean;
}
```



## Widgets Development Roadmap

### Near-term Tasks:
1. Improvement of widget configuration system
2. Adding ability to save widget states in the database
3. Implementation of widget change logging system

### Long-term Goals:
1. Creation of an extensible widget system with ability to add new types
2. Implementation of widget sharing mechanism between users
3. Addition of notification system for widgets
4. Creation of mobile interface for interacting with widgets

## Troubleshooting

### Known Issues:
1. Some Tailwind CSS color classes are not automatically generated for custom colors
2. Some functions require global scope to work correctly

### Recommendations:
1. When adding new colors, ensure they display correctly in Tailwind CSS
2. When developing new widgets, follow established implementation patterns
3. Use provided utilities for DOM manipulation instead of direct element access

Commit message:

docs(project): update detailed project overview and widget documentation
- Add comprehensive descriptions for web, mobile, and backend components
- Specify database models and tRPC API endpoints
- Include dynamic mobile APK download feature from GitHub releases
- Clarify widget implementations: habits, clock, calendar, and counter widgets
- Correct backend technology references to AnalogJS server routes
- Update README files to reflect new features and component details
- Enhance technical documentation with release service and unique constraints
- Expand task list with finalized functionalities and milestones completed

web/WIDGETS_DOCUMENTATION.md, after:

# Widgets Documentation for "My Dashboard" Project

## Overview

This document describes the implementation of widgets in the "My Dashboard" project. Currently, multiple widgets have been implemented including the Habits Tracking Widget, Clock Widget, Calendar Widget, and Counter Widget, which allow users to track their daily habits, view time and date, and maintain counters with history tracking.

## Implemented Widgets

### Habits Tracking Widget

The Habits Tracking Widget allows users to track their daily habits and activities through an interactive interface.

#### Widget Features:

1. **Dashboard Display**:
   - Compact representation with icons for the first 3 habits
   - Progress bars for each habit
   - Current value counters
   - Ability to expand to full interface on click

2. **Modal Window**:
   - Tabs: "Counters" and "History"
   - Interactive +/- buttons to increase/decrease values
   - Progress visualization with color indication
   - Consumption history with timestamps

3. **Supported Habit Types**:
   - Water (droplet)
   - Food (utensils)
   - Medication (pill)
   - Exercise (dumbbell)
   - Coffee (coffee)
   - Glass of water (glass-water)
   - Apple (apple)
   - Weight (weight)
   - Heart rate (heart-pulse)
   - Mindfulness (brain)
   - Reading (book)
   - Music (music)
   - TV/Movies (tv)
   - Gaming (gamepad)
   - Sleep (bed)
   - Sun (sun)
   - Moon (moon)
   - Star (star)
   - Smile (smile)
   - Activity (activity)

4. **Color Schemes**:
   - Blue (blue)
   - Orange (orange)
   - Purple (purple)
   - Green (green)
   - Red (red)
   - Yellow (yellow)
   - Pink (pink)

#### Technical Implementation:

##### Implementation Files:
- `web/src/server/widgets/habits-widget.ts` - Main widget class and display template
- `web/src/server/widgets/habits-widget.utils.ts` - Client-side helper functions

##### Data Structure:
```typescript
interface HabitsWidgetItem {
  id: string;
  name: string;
  icon: string;
  color: string;
  minValue: number;
  maxValue: number;
  history: Array<{
    id: number;
    time: string;
  }>
}
```

##### Main Functions:
- `showHabitsModal(modalId)` - Display modal window
- `hideHabitsModal(modalId)` - Hide modal window
- `addItem(itemId)` - Increase habit value
- `removeItem(itemId)` - Decrease habit value
- `switchHabitsTab(modalId, tabName)` - Switch between tabs
- `renderConsumptionList(modalId)` - Display consumption history

#### System Integration:

The widget is integrated with the general widget system of the project and uses the following components:
- Zod schemas for data validation
- Formly for widget configuration form
- Lucide Icons for icons
- Tailwind CSS for styling

#### Widget Configuration Example:

```json
{
  "type": "habits",
  "name": "Daily Habits",
  "items": [
    {
      "id": "water",
      "name": "Water",
      "icon": "droplet",
      "color": "blue",
      "minValue": 0,
      "maxValue": 8,
      "history": []
    }
  ]
}
```

### Clock Widget

The Clock Widget displays the current time with customizable time zone and name.

#### Widget Features:

1. **Dashboard Display**:
   - Shows current time in HH:MM:SS format
   - Customizable time zone
   - Customizable name/display label
   - Supports 12/24 hour format

2. **Configuration Options**:
   - Time zone selection
   - Display name
   - 12/24 hour format selection
   - Custom styling options

#### Technical Implementation:

##### Implementation Files:
- `web/src/server/widgets/clock-widget.ts` - Main widget class and display template
- `web/src/server/widgets/clock-widget.utils.ts` - Client-side helper functions

##### Data Structure:
```typescript
interface ClockWidgetOptions {
  timeZone: string;
  name: string;
  format24Hour: boolean;
}
```

### Calendar Widget

The Calendar Widget displays the current date with customizable month and date.

#### Widget Features:

1. **Dashboard Display**:
   - Shows current date with day, month, and year
   - Customizable fixed month and date
   - Weekday display
   - Month name in full

2. **Configuration Options**:
   - Fixed month selection
   - Fixed date selection
   - Custom styling options

#### Technical Implementation:

##### Implementation Files:
- `web/src/server/widgets/calendar-widget.ts` - Main widget class and display template
- `web/src/server/widgets/calendar-widget.utils.ts` - Client-side helper functions

##### Data Structure:
```typescript
interface CalendarWidgetOptions {
  month: number;
  date: number;
  fixedDate: boolean;
}
```



## Widgets Development Roadmap

### Near-term Tasks:
1. Improvement of widget configuration system
2. Adding ability to save widget states in the database
3. Implementation of widget change logging system

### Long-term Goals:
1. Creation of an extensible widget system with ability to add new types
2. Implementation of widget sharing mechanism between users
3. Addition of notification system for widgets
4. Creation of mobile interface for interacting with widgets

## Troubleshooting

### Known Issues:
1. Some Tailwind CSS color classes are not automatically generated for custom colors
2. Some functions require global scope to work correctly

### Recommendations:
1. When adding new colors, ensure they display correctly in Tailwind CSS
2. When developing new widgets, follow established implementation patterns
3. Use provided utilities for DOM manipulation instead of direct element access
